Feature/reserve compute host (#55)
distributed-technologies/mukube-configurator: docs/config.md

### VAULT_SECRET_ID
(Required if `VAULT_SERVER` is specified) AppRole SecretID to the [Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) server (default: ``).

### SYSTEM_RESERVED_MEMORY

> (Optional) How many Gb of memory reserved for the system that cannot be consumed by Kubernetes. Defaults to 21

Reviewer: Let's be consistent :)
```suggestion
(Optional) How many GiB of memory reserved for the system that cannot be consumed by Kubernetes (default: `21`).
```
